INTMDB-314 Cluster Tenant Upgrade (#874)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/advanced_cluster.html.markdown

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports multi-cloud clusters.  We recommend new users start with the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource.  

> <br> &#8226; Shared tier clusters are supported for single-cloud, see the [Example Tenant Cluster](#Example-Tenant-Cluster) below.

Reviewer: Worked into the bullet below to make it simpler. 
```suggestion
```

> <br> &#8226; Shared tier cluster tenant upgrade is now supported as well. Any change from shared tier to a different instance size will be considered a tenant upgrade. When upgrading from shared tier, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" and to your preferred provider, remove `backing_provider_name`, see the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below.

Reviewer: Just a bit of rephrasing here 
```suggestion
<br> &#8226; Upgrading the shared tier is supported. Any change from a shared tier cluster, aka tenant, to a different instance size will be considered a tenant upgrade. When upgrading from the shared tier, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below.   Note you can upgrade a shared tier cluster only to a single provider M10 or greater.  
```

> <br> &#8226; WARNING! On shared tier cluster tenant upgrade, *only* the upgrade changes will be applied. This is done in-order to avoid a corrupt state file in the event that the upgrade succeeds, but subsequent updates fail within the same `terraform apply`. In order to apply any other cluster changes, run a secondary `terraform apply` after the upgrade succeeds.

Reviewer: Just a bit of rephrasing here too
```suggestion
<br> &#8226; WARNING WHEN UPGRADING TENANT/SHARED CLUSTERS!!! When upgrading from the shared tier *only* the upgrade changes will be applied. This is done in-order to avoid a corrupt state file in the event that the upgrade succeeds, but subsequent updates fail within the same `terraform apply`. In order to apply any other cluster changes, run a secondary `terraform apply` after the upgrade succeeds.
```
